SimepleInventory - Perl scripts to track inventory for a small business

Inventory items are tracked in a SQLite database, and stores information
like:
    * UPC barcode
    * SKU number
    * Free-form description
    * Current count
    * Dates and times orders were received or shipped
    * Items included in those shipments

Most interaction with the command-line programs is intended to be through
a barcode scanner.

Programs included:

receive - Run this to record receiving items into your inventory.  It will
    ask for an order number, which must be unique.  After that, it will
    accept UPC numbers (probably from a barcode scanner).  When you're done,
    hit Control-D.  If there were any items not known to the database, it
    will prompt for SKU numbers and description for each unknown item.

ship - Run this to record a shipment to a single customer.  It will ask for
    an order number, which must be unique.  After that, it will accept UPC
    numbers until you hit Control-D.  At the end, if there were any unknown
    numbers or if the database thinks the count of an item would fall below
    0, it will complain about the problems and abort the order.  You should
    fix the problems and try the shipment again.

expire_items - Run this to remove items from the inventory if they are
    expired or broken.  It works just like ship, except that the order is
    not recorded as a sale, but as an expiration.  That way the inventory
    count is decremented, but sales reports will not show them.

lookup_inventory - Looks up items in the inventory by UPC number, SKU, or
    as a partial match on the description field.

froogle_to_froogle_and_amazon.pl - This is used to take a Zencart export for
    Froogle, and fix it up by adding the UPC numbers and condition columns to
    the report.  It also creates a file for import to Amazon's marketplace.

And a few things under tools/ that may be of use...

import_tips_data.pl - Takes a text file with 3 columns seperated by
    whitespace (count, UPC, description), and imports them into the inventory
    table.  The data for UPC is also used for the SKU field.

populate_initial_tx_details.pl - Used to make an initial record as an order
    of all the items currently existing in the inventory.

barcodeselected.user.js - A Greasemonkey user script to create a barcode out
    of whatever text is highlighted and put that barcode at the bottom of the
    page.  The idea is that you can add the order number as a barcode before
    printing it out, so you can scan it in when you run the ship or receive
    program.

Coming soon:

* Customer tracking
* More reports
* More documentation
* GUI tools
    




